[codex] Add GCP machine guidance for Fusion Snapshots (#1273)
seqeralabs/docs: fusion_docs/guide/snapshots/gcp.md

[Incremental snapshots](./index.md#incremental-snapshots) are enabled by default on x86_64 instances and capture only changed memory pages between checkpoints. This is particularly beneficial for Google Batch's shorter reclamation window. Use x86_64 instances to enable incremental snapshots.

## Machine type guidance

Fusion Snapshots on Google Batch work best when the underlying compute environment uses machine types that provide local SSD support and enough memory bandwidth to complete checkpoints within the preemption window.

- If you don't specify a machine type, Seqera Platform selects a VM from Google Cloud families that support local SSDs.
- Any machine type you specify for Fusion Snapshots must support local SSDs.
- For production workloads, start with an `n2-highmem-16-lssd` VM or larger, then validate checkpoint duration with your workload profile.
- If your workload has larger memory footprints, increase the machine size conservatively and re-test snapshot and restore times before widening usage.

> See [Google Cloud Batch compute environment configuration](../../platform-cloud/docs/compute-envs/google-cloud-batch.md#use-fusion-v2) for the underlying Fusion v2 compute recommendations that also apply to Fusion Snapshots on Google Batch.

Reviewer: @llewellyn-sl, this type of linking won't work in this doc because of how the repo is structured, and the anchor it's pointing to doesn't technically exist. It's a drop-down element with no link. I'll edit the page to make that a section as that would work better but we probably need rules around linking.

> See [Google Cloud Batch compute environment configuration](../../platform-cloud/docs/compute-envs/google-cloud-batch.md#use-fusion-v2) for the underlying Fusion v2 compute recommendations that also apply to Fusion Snapshots on Google Batch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Google Cloud Batch compute environment configuration](https://docs.seqera.io/platform-cloud/compute-envs/google-cloud-batch#use-fusion-v2) for the underlying Fusion v2 compute recommendations that also apply to Fusion Snapshots on Google Batch.
```

[Incremental snapshots](./index.md#incremental-snapshots) are enabled by default on x86_64 instances and capture only changed memory pages between checkpoints. This is particularly beneficial for Google Batch's shorter reclamation window. Use x86_64 instances to enable incremental snapshots.

## Machine type guidance

Fusion Snapshots on Google Batch work best when the underlying compute environment uses machine types that provide local SSD support and enough memory bandwidth to complete checkpoints within the preemption window.

> - If you don't specify a machine type, Seqera Platform selects a VM from Google Cloud families that support local SSDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you don't specify a machine type, Platform selects a VM from Google Cloud families that support local SSDs.
```
